like back in a circular can you bring
this under okay that'd be okay one two
three okay so stand by everybody all
right well yesterday we showed you a
video made by four guys in Montreal
their goal was to show Metro riders in
the city that they are choosing love
over fear in the wake of the Paris
attacks the video has gone viral two of
them joining us now in Montreal we have
Thomas Bragg and a mark n deal and good
morning to both of you how are you this
morning guys good good all righty but
good I did not know what to expect
because the the night before had come I
had made a comment on on Prime Minister
Trudeau's Facebook posts on the events
where I sort of like told my opinion to
the to the audience and I got a lot of
hate I got a lot of racist comments so I
was a little bit worried the following
day being in the metro station actually
being in public but the end up being
something completely different I guess
the now that people are not anonymous
anymore
they're nicer and 100% of the reactions
were positive but there's also a third
like there's something we wanted to tell
everyone who's been watching the our
video or you know seen our photo and
that's a lot of people are asking us to
to lead to lead the movement or turn now
that we're getting media attention to
turn it into something bigger but the
thing is this first was just a personal
statement we never had any intentions
and turning this into a bigger movie but
we would love for people to you know
continue using the hashtag love over
fear to go introduce themselves to each
other so that they can you know take out
any any hostility or any negative vibes
hi just hi hello hello everyone my name
is Thomas from generation why not this
is Matt and this is amar and Darren is
hiding over here I just want to thank
you for watching our video on Monday a
lot of people have been emailing us
asking us if they could do it in their
hometown our answers absolutely yes go
ahead and do something similar would
love to see it and we think it's very
necessary today and I think the message
is still has yet to spread and yet to
grow especially it's the physicality of
this message that will matter
we can person things on social media but
at the end that doesn't really heal the
best way to heal is to speak it out loud
and share your thoughts to the people
around you so any public or physical
manifestation of this message is what I
what we think is needed if you do this
we look for you to take a picture or a
video and post it with a message either
on social media or sending it to your
local politicians if you hear that you
decided to choose love over fear
hopefully they'll do the same so to all
of you that are new thank you for
joining this channel is all about love
and doing things you've never done
before we get out of our comfort zone
and try to set ridiculous goals and show
you guys how we achieve them but I'm are
as about to leave for a month so you'll
be missing out on three videos this next
month but we'll he'll be skyping in and
movie I'll be uh I'll be somewhat
present I guess we'll see you a Monday
on Generation Y not beasts I'm gonna
miss this guy he's gonna be gone for a
month oh thank you we would love to me
Justin to YouTube for one of our extra
this is blonde burgundy taking over
Canada I am this is way something